Hello friends, how are you all? Welcome back to
my channel. Friends, do you
also have this question that what is the
comprehensive policy and the zero deep
policy, is it there
and if it is not there then
what is it, right? So,
in this video I will try to tell you what
is the relation between these two policies
and what is it, okay, let me make one
thing clear to you that our Motor Vehicle
Act 1988 means that
whenever you purchase a new vehicle,
you will have to purchase a policy which is mandatory, that is to
say,
third party policy or third party
insurance policy, it is mandatory for you
whether you want to
take it for yourself or not for your vehicle, it is dangerous, but
for the safety of the third person, you will have to purchase your
third party insurance policy,
it is mandatory, right, so
this is related to your new bike,
now mother, please support us for yourself and your
vehicle.  If you purchase a vehicle policy, then there is a
fancy policy in it,
then there is a policy, okay, so
both of us will discuss this, if you guys
liked the video, then do like,
share and subscribe to the channel, so
number one we discuss what a
comprehensive policy actually is, I will
tell you in simple and short,
suppose I purchase a policy,
okay, I will try to explain it to you by showing an example,
we all must have gone to a wedding, so
when you ever go to a wedding ceremony or a marriage,
you must have seen there that there is a
lot of food system, there are
varieties of food,
which you people call buff system,
okay, so you can take whatever you like as per your choice, okay, so some people do not like
paneer, some like dal,
some do not like vegetables, okay, so
according to your choice, we do each
item, okay,
similarly, the
comprehensive policy within the policy is very
white, very  What is there in it,
you can easily call it multi varieties,
okay, now this
comprehensive policy which I told you, it is very
big, but you will definitely get two basic things in it,
one, as I
told you, you will get the third policy which is
insurance and
second, you will get coverage for on-road damage in it,
okay, in this you
can take separate benefits like personal
accident, the instances which are covered,
you can easily take that
benefit, okay, this will be the topic,
what is the comprehensive policy of your comprehensive policy, now let us
discuss what is your zero depression
policy, see, zero
depression policy is not a separate policy,
you cannot purchase it separately,
means it is not a standard policy, it is not a
policy, what is it basically,
if I tell you technically, it is a
policy, like I told you
comprehensive, I took comprehensive
policies, which I have multiple benefits  So let me tell you,
this is one benefit which
I told you technically as an add-on, you can add-on it,
zero depression policy, okay,
you can call it zero depth tax, you
can take it in it, now the point has come,
zero depth tax, this tax of yours,
what actually happens, suppose
some accident happens to the car etc.
and I make a claim, right, now
after making the claim, you will get the value, the tax of the
insurance policy will give you
money, the company will give you money,
if your car is under zero depression then
you will get the full amount,
okay, you will not get any deduction in it,
but if your car is
not under zero temperature zone, then
what will happen to your parts, there will be
depression, what we
call depression, when any vehicle or part is
running on the road, it has wear and
tear, it gets worn out, okay, so
what do they do about it, they give the value tax
and in the current, after the depression, the value which is calculated,
you will get the money for that.  The company will
provide the insurance policy when you
make a claim, right, so this is a simple matter,
okay, now
why is it necessary to take the depression charge, see if you want the full payment,
you don't want to have any tension due to the story, then
you will have to take the zero
depression charge, and if you don't have any tension at all,
then there is no need for you to take it, it does
n't mean anything special that you
can take it, okay, so this is your
zero depression charge, okay, now the zero depression charge is
today and
you can take it under the comprehensive policy, the
benefit that I told you, if you want it, then
look, the point is,
who should take the zero depression charge, okay,
see what happens in this, always in advance,
whatever new benefit you add
in the policy, you will have to pay some premium for it, due to which
your policy will become a
little expensive, okay, if
that premium or it now falls within your budget,
you can bear it,
you can take it for the expenses,  There is no problem
and secondly, you people have two benefits in this new car, as the
car gets older
it will not be of any meaning
because what will happen is that
when you consistently use it then the
company will offer it to you, if you are not taking it from the beginning
and after three to five years you
want to adopt it, then brother
what will the company do, it will inspect your car,
after that whatever will be the condition, then you will be
told whether you are eligible for this benefit for
zero depression or not,
okay, so broadly I think
I must have done it and your
confusion must have been cleared, right, if you
people have any query then you
can easily ask me in the comment section,
this video must have been some information for you people,
if you
liked the video then please
like, share the video and definitely subscribe to the channel,
thank you, so match Jai Hind